Q1.How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

	If anything crush after you edit the file, you may check the difference between 2 files to know what causes the crush.

Q2.How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

	You don't have to check files manually and save a lot of time.

Q3.What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

	manually commit pros: 
		You may choose to commit when there is a logical change that makes your commit history neat and easy to read
	manually commit cons:
		You may forget to commit when you have done a huge improvement of you program
	Automatically commit pros:
		Anything will be recorded automatically.
	Automatically commit cons:
		Your commit history might be too big to read or find a specific version.

Q4.Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

	Git is more for a programemr since there are a lot of scenarios that a programmer might edit numbers of files which have close relations to each other. So Git allows to track multiple files in one commit.

Q5.How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

	'''git log''' (for git history and get commit IDs of each version)
	'''git diff old_version_ID new_version_ID''' (check the difference between two commits)
	'''git diff old_version_ID new_version_ID --stat''' (summary of how many changes between two commits)

Q6.How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

	100% confident. Because I know I can always jump back to original version when I break something.

Q7.Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

	Write my Nanodegree homework

Note.
git init ->create repository

Comands
	commit
	git log --stat (check how many a file has beem changed in a respository)